Vector

1. Combing vectors
	1). Vectors can be combined via the function c
	2). Value coercion: 
	In the code snippe above,it is necessary so as to maintain the same primitive data type for members in the same vector.  

2. Vector Arithmetics	
	1). Arithmetics operations are proformed member-by-member. i.e., memberwise
	2). Arithmetics operations: we get new vectors vis memberwise operations
		Multiply by *
		Add two vector together
		Subtraction
		Multiplication
		Division
	3). Recycling rule:
		If two vectors are of unequal length. the shorter one will be recycled in order to match the longer vector.
		Warning message: Longer object length is not a multiple of shorter object length.

3. Vector Index
	1). We retrieve values in a vector by declearing an index inside a single square bracket "[]" opertation
	2). How to retrieve a vector member
		Since the vector index is 1-based, we can use the index position from 1.
	3). Negative index
		If the index is negative, it will strip the member whose position has the same absolute value as the negative index.
	4). Out-of-range	Index (NA)
		If an index is out-of-range, a missing value will be reported via the symbol NA.

4. Numeric Index Vector 
	1). A new vector can be sliced from a given vector with a numeric index vector, which consists of members of a given vector
	2). Duplicate indexes
		The index vector allows duplicate values.
	3). Out-of-order indexes
		The index vector can even be out-of-order
	4). Range index
		To produce a vector slice between two indexes, we can use the colon operation ":"
		More information: help(":")

5. Logical Index Vector
	1). A few vector can be slice from a given vector with a logical index vector, which has the same length as the original vector.
		s=c("aa", "bb", "cc", "dd", "ee")
		L=c(FALSE, TRUE, FALSE, TRUE, FALSE)
		s[L]

6. Named Vector Member
	1). we can assign names to vector memberas
		v=c("Marry", "Sue")
		name(v)=c("First", "Last")
	2). then we can retrive the first member by its name
		v["First"]
	3). Furthermore, we can reverse the order with a character string index vector.
		v[c("Last", "First")]

